{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi-960\sl640\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Atomic Heritage Foundation. \'93Soviets Get Atomic Bomb,\'94 23. Sept. 1949. https://www.atomicheritage.org/event/september-23-1949.\
Atomic Heritage Foundation. \'93Tsar Bomba.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Atomic Heritage Foundation
\f0\i0 , 2014, www.atomicheritage.org/history/tsar-bomba.\
Bobby_Mayo. \'93Old Photograph of My Grandfather,\'94\'a0
\f1\i Reddit.com
\f0\i0 , 20 May 2014, www.reddit.com/r/estoration/comments/20vzhl/old_photograph_of_my_grandfather_recently_damaged/. Accessed 6 Nov. 2021.\
Council on Foreign Relations Press. \'93U.S. Nuclear Weapons Policy.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Council on Foreign Relations
\f0\i0 , Apr. 2009, www.cfr.org/report/us-nuclear-weapons-policy.\
Perlo-Freeman, Sam. \'93Arms Race.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Encyclop\'e6dia Britannica
\f0\i0 , 2019, www.britannica.com/topic/arms-race.\
Pruitt, Sarah. \'93The Hiroshima Bombing Didn\'92t Just End WWII\'97It Kick-Started the Cold War.\'94\'a0
\f1\i HISTORY
\f0\i0 , 4 Aug. 2020, www.history.com/news/hiroshima-nagasaki-bombing-wwii-cold-war.\
\'93Risk of Nuclear Weapons Use.\'94\'a0
\f1\i ICAN
\f0\i0 , www.icanw.org/risk_of_nuclear_weapons_use.\
Statista Research Department. \'93Global Nuclear Energy Consumption by Country 2020.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Statista
\f0\i0 , 6 Sept. 2021, www.statista.com/statistics/265539/nuclear-energy-consumption-in-leading-countries/.\
Stockholm International Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. \'9310. World Nuclear Forces | SIPRI.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Www.sipri.org
\f0\i0 , Oxford University Press, 21 Sept. 2021, www.sipri.org/yearbook/2020/10. Accessed 6 Nov. 2021.\
Temperton, James. \'93\'91Now I Am Become Death, the Destroyer of Worlds\'92. The Story of Oppenheimer\'92s Infamous Quote.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Wired.co.uk
\f0\i0 , WIRED UK, 8 Sept. 2017, www.wired.co.uk/article/manhattan-project-robert-oppenheimer.\
The Editors of Encyclopedia Britannica. \'93Cuban Missile Crisis | History, Facts, & Significance.\'94\'a0
\f1\i Encyclop\'e6dia Britannica
\f0\i0 , 10 Dec. 2018, www.britannica.com/event/Cuban-missile-crisis.\
\'93The Manhattan Project | AMNH.\'94\'a0
\f1\i AMNH
\f0\i0 , 2018, www.amnh.org/exhibitions/einstein/peace-and-war/the-manhattan-project.\
United Press International, Inc. \'93THE MUSEUM of SCIENCE and INDUSTRY FOLLOWING BOMBING of HIROSHIMA,\'94\'a0
\f1\i Upi.com
\f0\i0 , 6 Aug. 1945, www.upi.com/News_Photos/lp/a913052e8176a96b38fbfcdb1dda4da6/. Accessed 6 Nov. 2021.}